Add custom colorization to boxplot (#1032)
JuliaPlots/Makie.jl: docs/src/plotting_functions/boxplot.md

ys = randn(1000)
dodge = rand(1:2, 1000)

boxplot(xs, ys, dodge = dodge, show_notch = true, color = dodge)
```

> Colors are customizable, the `color` attribute refers to the color of the boxes, `outliercolor` refers to the color of the outliers. If not scalars (e.g. :red), these attributes
> must have the length of the data. If `outliercolor` is not provided, outliers will have the same color as their box, as shown above. The `color` of each data point in the same box must have the same color, use the `outliercolor` to customize the outliers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Colors are customizable. The `color` attribute refers to the color of the boxes, whereas
`outliercolor` refers to the color of the outliers. If not scalars (e.g. `:red`), these attributes
must have the length of the data. If `outliercolor` is not provided, outliers will have the
same color as their box, as shown above.

!!! note
    For all indices corresponding to points within the same box, `color` (but not `outliercolor`)
    must have the same value.
```
